Add google docs integration (#2635)
automatisch/automatisch: packages/docs/pages/apps/google-docs/actions.md

---
favicon: /favicons/google-docs.svg
items:

>   - name: Create new document
>     desc: Create a blank Google Doc which takes 2 parameters - title and content.

Reviewer: Not necessarily "blank" here, as it optionally receives content for the file.

```suggestion
  - name: Create document
    desc: Create a blank document with a title. Optionally, provide content.
```
should suffice here.
